c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.pdb
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Client.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Common.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.OrmLite.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Server.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Text.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.ServiceInterface.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.ServiceModel.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.ServiceInterface.pdb
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\WebApplication2.ServiceModel.pdb
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Client.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Common.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Razor.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Redis.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\ServiceStack.Text.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.dll
c:\users\ww\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\WebApplication2\obj\Debug\WebApplication2.pdb
